{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 I want to create a logo for a veterinary ultrasound service called VetScan NYC.\
\
I am providing examples of other companies and their logos.\
- https://bondvet.com/\
\
I'd be interested in seeing what you could to create something that is in conversation with bondvet first.\
This color #146C60, must be a primary color used. you can suggest secondary accent colors\
\
I found this about Bond Vet The Bond Vet logo does not directly incorporate the traditional veterinary caduceus symbol. Instead, Bond Vet's logo features a stylized paw print, often within a circle or other shape. This paw print is a modern, recognizable symbol for a veterinary clinic and reinforces their focus on pet care. While the traditional veterinary symbol is the caduceus (a staff with a snake), Bond Vet has chosen a more contemporary and brand-specific visual. Here's a more detailed explanation: Traditional Veterinary Symbol: . The recognized veterinary symbol is the staff of Aesculapius, a Greek god associated with healing, entwined with a serpent, and often with a "V" for veterinary. Bond Vet's Choice: . Bond Vet's logo, while not using the traditional symbol, utilizes a paw print, a universally understood symbol for animals, making it a modern and accessible representation of their services. Focus on the Human-Animal Bond: . Bond Vet emphasizes strengthening the human-animal bond through accessible and high-quality pet care. Their logo, while not traditional, aligns with this focus by being approachable and easily associated with pets. Brand Identity: . By choosing a paw print, Bond Vet creates a distinct brand identity within the veterinary space. This helps them stand out and easily communicate their core mission to pet owners. and this from brand book about bond vet logo https://brandfetch.com/bondvet.com ================== can you use this to create some logos for our company? is there anything more that could help you? more about dr. khan? her philosophy? about the business?\
\
About Dr. Khan What\'92s her philosophy? Is she very tech-forward and clinical (precision, clarity, medical trust), or more about personal touch and compassion (pet-friendly, reassuring)? -- honestly Dr Khan is both. She is one of the best veterinarians in the city knows her medicine. AND she is one of the best at breaking the material down for non technical people such as pet owners so they grasp each incident or analysis from their visit so they walk away feeling informed and still in control. same for her ultra sound work, which is what this business is. Dr Khan learned this skill 10 years ago and approaches the work the ame way. About VetScan NYC Is the service positioned as premium, referral-based specialist imaging (like a human medical imaging center), or more as friendly, accessible mobile service for hospitals and pet owners? -- it is not a mobile service in the sense that the service comes in a van with imaging machinery. Dr Khan expects the hospital to have their own ultrasound machine. She is mobile in the sense that she will come to the hospital to perform the service. Do you want the brand tone closer to Bond Vet (approachable, consumer-facing) or AMC/BluePearl-style (specialist, clinical)? -- for sure we want this closer to Bond, approachable, consumer facing even though it is B2B, we want the hospitals to be impressed by not just Dr Khan herself, but her entire brand, which includes the site and her logo. Visual tone preference Should the symbol feel more animal-driven (like Bond\'92s paw print)? Or more technology-driven (sound waves, abstract forms)? Or a hybrid? -- I think here we should try all approaches. one animal driven, one technology driven, and one hybrid like the original design you came up with. BUT I think going more abstract and less literal will produce better outcomes. AND breaking down the generation of these logos into as small chunks as possible to produce best outcomes is preferred\
\
- text + symbol\
- Title Case. VetScan NYC. you can try either bold for VetScan or different colors go for tech/modern\
- friendly contrast first. then we can try other options\
- subtle nod to ultrasound - minimal / abstract let's stay away from pets for now\
- horizontal. if I like then we can discuss stacked}